README.md, before:

# HNG Internship - Stage 0 Frontend Task: Profile Card

This project is a solution to the Stage 0 task for the HNG Internship. It is a fully responsive and accessible personal profile card built with semantic HTML, modern CSS, and vanilla JavaScript.

---

### Live URL

**You can view the live project here: (https://hng-profile-card-liard.vercel.app/)**

---

### Features Implemented

-   **Semantic HTML:** The project is structured with semantic tags like `<article>`, `<figure>`, `<nav>`, and `<section>` for improved accessibility and SEO.
-   **Fully Responsive Design:** The layout seamlessly adapts from a single-column view on mobile to a two-column view on tablets and desktops using CSS Flexbox and media queries.
-   **Dynamic Content:** The current UTC time is displayed in milliseconds and updates in real-time every second using JavaScript's `Date.now()`.
-   **Test-Ready:** All required elements include specific `data-testid` attributes to allow for automated testing.
-   **Accessible:** All interactive elements (links) are keyboard-navigable with clear and visible focus styles.
-   **Custom Web Font:** Uses the 'Poppins' font from Google Fonts for a clean and modern aesthetic.
-   **Interactive UI:** Features modern, icon-based social media buttons with subtle hover and focus animations.

---

### How to Run Locally

To run this project on your local machine, follow these steps:

1.  **Clone the repository:**
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/Solataiwo-15/hng-profile-card.git
    ```
2.  **Navigate into the directory:**
    ```sh
    cd hng-profile-card
    ```
3.  **Open the `index.html` file** in your preferred web browser.

Commit message:

Revise README for Stage 1 multi-page site
Updated project details to reflect Stage 1 changes, including multi-page features and enhanced content.

README.md, after:

# HNG Internship - Stage 1: Multi-Page Personal Site

This project is a solution to the Stage 1 task for the HNG Internship. It expands upon the initial profile card to create a responsive, multi-page personal website featuring an 'About Me' page and a 'Contact Us' page with client-side form validation.

---

### ✨ Live URL

**You can view the live project here: https://hng-profile-card-liard.vercel.app/**

---

### ✅ Features Implemented

-   **Multi-Page Navigation:** Clean and consistent navigation between the Home, About, and Contact pages.
-   **Responsive Personal Profile Card:** The homepage features a modern, overlapping circular avatar design that is fully responsive.
-   **Detailed 'About Me' Page:** A structured, single-column page for personal reflections, goals, and thoughts, built with semantic HTML.
-   **Contact Form with Client-Side Validation:** A fully functional contact form that validates all fields (required, email format, message length) using vanilla JavaScript. Visual feedback is provided for errors, and a success message is shown upon valid submission.
-   **Fully Responsive Design:** The entire application, including all three pages, is optimized for a seamless experience on mobile, tablet, and desktop screens.
-   **Dynamic Content (UTC Time):** The homepage displays the current UTC time in milliseconds, updated in real-time.
-   **Test-Ready (`data-testid`s):** All required elements across all pages include specific `data-testid` attributes as per the task requirements, making the application ready for automated testing.
-   **Accessibility:** The project adheres to accessibility best practices, including semantic HTML, ARIA attributes for form validation, and full keyboard navigability.

---

### 🛠️ Tech Stack

![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html,css,js,git,vscode)

---

### 🚀 How to Run Locally

To run this project on your local machine, follow these steps:

1.  **Clone the repository:**
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/Solataiwo-15/hng-profile-card.git
    ```
2.  **Navigate into the directory:**
    ```sh
    cd hng-profile-card
    ```
3.  **Open the `index.html` file** in your preferred web browser to view the homepage. You can navigate to the other pages from there.

---
